feat(outputs.mqtt): add support for MQTT 5 publish properties (#12678)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/mqtt/README.md

  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"

>   ## Optional publish properties that are specific to MQTT 5.
>   ## These will only have an effect if the "procotol" property is set
>   ## to 5. Read more about them here:
>   ## https://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v5.0/os/mqtt-v5.0-os.html#_Toc3901109.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## Optional MQTT 5 publish properties
  ## These setting only apply if the "protocol" property is set to 5. This must
  ## be defined at the end of the plugin settings, otherwise TOML will assume
  ## anything else is part of this table. For more details on publish properties
  ## see the spec:
  ## https://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v5.0/os/mqtt-v5.0-os.html#_Toc3901109
```
